[new] Aiven Client Install instructions for MST (#1502)
timescale/docs: mst/aiven-client.md/index.md

---
title: Aiven Client for Managed Service for TimescaleDB
excerpt: A Command Line tool for fully managed TimescaleDB service on AWS, Azure, or GCP.
product: mst
---

# Aiven Client for Managed Service for TimescaleDB

You can use [Aiven Client][aiven-client] to manage
your services on Managed Service for TimescaleDB.

You can use the Aiven Client tool to:
*   Connect to Managed Service for TimescaleDB
*   Create a service
*   Create a fork
*   Add authentication plugins to your attached Grafana service

> [aiven-install]: /mst/:currentVersion:/aiven-client-install/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[aiven-install]: /mst/:currentVersion:/aiven-client-install/
[aiven-client]: FIXME
```

---
title: Aiven Client for Managed Service for TimescaleDB
excerpt: A Command Line tool for fully managed TimescaleDB service on AWS, Azure, or GCP.
product: mst
---

# Aiven Client for Managed Service for TimescaleDB

> [Aiven](https://aiven.io/) Client is a is a tool that you can install to manage

Reviewer: Make this link reference style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [Aiven Client][aiven-client] to manage
```

your services on Managed Service for TimescaleDB.

> aiven-client (avn) is the command-line client for Managed Service for TimescaleDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is just a repeat of the previous para.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Aiven Client tool to:
```

> *   Install [aiven-client][aiven-install] and connect to Managed Service for TimescaleDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Connect to Managed Service for TimescaleDB
```

*   Create a service
*   Create a fork

> *   Add authentication plugins to Grafana service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add authentication plugins to your attached Grafana service
```
